supervisor-pwned (#16730)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/more-info/pwned-passwords.markdown

---
title: "Pwned passwords and secrets"
description: "More information on detected pwned secrets in Home Assistant."
---

> We are using the [Have I Been Pwned (HIBP)](https://haveibeenpwned.com/Passwords) service for detecting leaked secrets.
> 
> If you are getting a warning, it means that you are using secrets in your configuration which have been leaked and are publicly known.
> You should immediately update this secrets.
> 
> We use [K-Anonymity](https://blog.cloudflare.com/validating-leaked-passwords-with-k-anonymity/) to send secure and anonyme 5 characters from a 40 characters hashed password.

Reviewer: How about?: 

```suggestion
We are using the [Have I Been Pwned (HIBP)](https://haveibeenpwned.com/Passwords) service for detecting leaked or compromised secrets, like passwords.

If you get a warning about it, it means that you are using secrets in your configuration which have been leaked and are publicly known. It is strongly advised to change these secrets by a more secure alternative as soon as possible.

Please note; this feature does not send out your secrets to check this. Your secrets and privacy is guaranteed by a [K-Anonymity][k-anonymity]. Your secrets are hashed, the first 5 characters of the hash result are used to query Have I Been Pwned. Have I Been Pwned returns the results of possible password hashes that match, we check the last part of the password hash against this list locally.

[Read more about K-Anonymity on this CloudFlare blog post][k-anonymity].

[k-anonymity]: https://blog.cloudflare.com/validating-leaked-passwords-with-k-anonymity/
```

---

> title: "Pwned Passwords"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "Pwned passwords and secrets"
```

> description: "More information on detected PWNED secrets in Home Assistant."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: "More information on detected pwned secrets in Home Assistant."
```

---

> We using following serverce for detecting leaked secrets: https://haveibeenpwned.com/Passwords

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are using the [Have I Been Pwned (HIBP)](https://haveibeenpwned.com/Passwords) service for detecting leaked secrets.
```

> If you getting a pwned warning, it means you using insecure secrets on that configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are getting a warning, it means that you are using secrets in your configuration which have been leaked and are publicly known.
```

> You should imidently upate this secrets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should immediately update this secrets.
```
